Mr. Shen
Are you all right?
It's okay, I'll go to the basement
You talk first
What the hell happened oops
Master, you don't know what just happened here
Ah no
Mr. Shen said not to expose his identity
I can't say
What about Rover? Isn't he looking for trouble?
Already doomed
Oops master
Don't ask
I really can't tell you.
What the hell is going on?
I lifted the seal here
The same thing for acne
I can't tell you the rest.
Know too much
Not good for you
Now the God Kill has been obtained.
Just the last
Flying Dragon Rui can be practiced very difficult
I see.
Mr. Shen, my grandfather asked me to come this time.
There is one more thing I want to ask you for help with.
You said there will be an auction tomorrow
Grandpa wants to purchase a batch of medicinal materials for the Temple of War
I know this little thing shouldn't bother you
But the finale of the auction
But insist on the medicinal materials you want
Flying Dragon Rui
Really?
I'll go.